hey what's going on everybody game sure
Thomas here bringing you a little more
crisis today been playing this like a
madman of the last few nights you know
if you if you saw my last commentary I
must say definitely the most
entertaining the first person to
agreeing on console by far and I think
it's the most entertaining to watch in
my opinion I watched my roommate play
this for a while and I watch my brother
beat like half the single-player
campaign and I was totally content the
game is just so fast-paced and it's just
graphically it's just eye candy that
it's just it's entertaining to watch
especially if somebody knows what the
hell they're doing really the whole
games just to highlight reel like I was
saying but anyway today I kind of want
just to go over some quick strategies
and tips to keep in mind I feel like
most people who play this game I
approach it wrong and they try to play
it like it's call of duty or medal of
honor and that kind of thing but it's
really not your kind of like the
predator and you're against the team of
predators and you know predators would
not just fight it out in a gun fight
like that they would hide in the shadows
and try to pick people off one by one
and I really feel like that is the key
to playing this game you don't sit there
and you know try to get in a firefight
with two or three people at a time you
really just need to pick off one at a
time like here for example I'm cloaked I
know I have this guy I know his whole
team sitting behind me so I position my
back against that wall so that I know
I'm covered so I can take that kale and
immediately go back and still and you'll
notice a lot every time I kill someone I
immediately go in stealth unless there's
like another guy sitting next to him and
try to relocate and it's very important
to us
the battle like for example right here
or you know that first kill I put my
back against oil you know I noticed the
snipers were up top so i repositioned
immediately and just like here I come up
top to fill that one sniper but then I
noticed there's a guy cloak to his left
and a guy close to cross so there's
really three guys up there so you know
if I attack the cloak I first I
immediately can kill him because he'll
have no energy or shields and then I can
switch to the other guy and try to
regroup from there so it's really about
like moving into an area observing the
battlefield and ends and then making
your move I think it's I think a good
motto to keep in mind is do not move out
in the open if you're not stealth and
never engage a target unless you're in
the heart of it if you just keep doing
that back and forth back and forth you
will do very very well i usually get the
skills almost every single game for
adaptability meaning i change suit in
and out the most and I really think that
that is what this game is about
obviously is maintaining your energy
maintaining your suit right here I have
no ammo that's another thing to maintain
if you have like the Scarab which is
what i'm using as a rifle of a feline
for certain guns if you survive for a
little bit you will run out of ammo
quickly so just like i say in other
first-person shooter games if you kill
somebody and you got a chance switch out
your secondary weapon for something else
so when you get into this scenario or
I'm in right now you don't fit run
around the map for a minute trying to
find a gun you'll just have one already
also another key thing is is never stay
in the same position i noticed this a
lot with snipers and I mean clearly
obviously snipers are going to get in a
good position and try to stay there but
I really feel like if you get into a
good area as a sniper you should
constantly relocate within it because
for example i know there's like a sniper
2 to my left on this back wall there
and for me when I see a sniper shooting
because snipers can be pretty nasty in
the spoon they can really devastate your
team if I see a sniper shooting me or a
teammate you can guarantee that I will
be behind them breaking their neck by
the time they probably take their fourth
or fifth shot you know if you're going
to sit in the same area I'm going to
track you down into two seconds because
you can really run you can run across
like the entire map in in seconds and
really be anywhere and like I was saying
before you can you can park or anywhere
so you're really not safe so every time
you kill somebody every time you know
somebody sees your location it's very
important to to relocate immediately
just so that people can't track you and
you always keep them guessing because
it's really about positioning and
knowing where people are in this game
and then you know and then and then
chasing them down so always stay in the
shadows always stay hidden and make the
other team guess of wearing your actor
and you'll see here I activate this
super nano armor mode this is the seven
kill streak on some of the maps of some
of them you'll get the set gunship which
is like you know an attack alien chopper
or whatever and the other half the maps
will get this like super nanosuit I have
to admit I do not like the Nanosuit I
mean obviously you're very strong and I
finish well here but I like cloaking a
lot I feel like for nice tell thing is
most of this game it's just a lot of fun
and I like to get the drop on people and
with that armor mode you're just kind of
left in the open you can't flow do you
have a bunch you know extra health and
energy but that that's kind of annoying
is that all of a sudden it's gone and
you're just kind of left you stranded
but anyway I hope there's a couple tips
in there that helps you guys definitely
definitely got to be patient in this
game but at the same time you got to
play kind of balls out and be all over
the place so anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed that I'll be back with plenty of
stuff soon we'll talk soon adios
you